How to convert current sensors to kWh for individual devices (#21359)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_docs/energy/individual-devices.markdown

- [Shelly 2.5](https://shop.shelly.cloud/shelly-2.5-ce-ul-wifi-smart-home-automation?tracking=A7FsiPIfUWsFpnfKHa8SRyUYLXjr2hPq)
 {% endcomment %}

> ### Devices with current (W) sensors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Devices with power (W) sensors
```

Author: Maybe "with current/power (W) sensors", or something like that? I'm pretty sure on my searches I saw other "current" stuff; besides that, my LG AC's sensor is `ac_bedroom_energy_current`.

Reviewer: No power is the correct term. A current sensor is measured in Amperage (A) To calculate the power draw (W) You would need to do V * A.

Author: Funny. So I guess I should report a misnomer to the LG package hahaha

Reviewer 2: `ac_bedroom_energy_current` sounds like it should give values with **kWh** unit of measurement.

Power = Watt
Energy = kWh
Current = A

> ### Devices with current (W) sensors

Reviewer 3: The parent chapter is about hardware options available, I don't understand how this is related?

Author: Actually, I also wasn't sure (devices are also a type of hardware, which also measures their own energy consumption?). I guess this should be its own section, on Devices?

> ## Devices with power (W) sensors
> Some smart devices, such as air conditioning, boilers, and others, may provide a power sensor, measured in Watts. You can use the [Integration (Riemann sum integral) integration](/integrations/integration/#energy) to calculate the energy your device is using. You can then use the energy sensor in the Energy Dashboard, as individual devices.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Devices with power (W) sensors

Some smart devices, such as air conditioning, boilers, and others, may provide a power sensor, measured in Watts. You can use the [Integration (Riemann sum integral) integration](/integrations/integration/#energy) to calculate the energy your device is using. You can then use the energy sensor in the Energy Dashboard, as individual devices.
```

> Some smart devices, such as air conditioning, boilers, and others, may provide a power sensor, measured in Watts. You can use the [Integration (Riemann sum integral) integration](https://www.home-assistant.io/integrations/integration/#energy) to calculate the energy your device is using. You can then use the energy sensor in the Energy Dashboard, as individual devices.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Some smart devices, such as air conditioning, boilers, and others, may provide a power sensor, measured in Watts. You can use the [Integration (Riemann sum integral) integration](/integrations/integration/#energy) to calculate the energy your device is using. You can then use the energy sensor in the Energy Dashboard, as individual devices.
```

> Some smart devices, such as air conditioning, boilers, and others, may provive a "current" sensor, measured in Watts. You can use the [Integration (Riemann sum integral) integration](https://www.home-assistant.io/integrations/integration/#energy) to calculate the kWh statistics for each of those machines. Then, those details can be included in the Energy Dashboard, as individual devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some smart devices, such as air conditioning, boilers, and others, may provide a power sensor, measured in Watts. You can use the [Integration (Riemann sum integral) integration](https://www.home-assistant.io/integrations/integration/#energy) to calculate the energy your device is using. You can then use the energy sensor in the Energy Dashboard, as individual devices.
```
